Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
This is good news for all of us
because the international relations
between Australia and the Philippines
shall be further strengthened.
We learned that an archeological artifact
found in Australia shall be returned to us.
- Hey. bestie.
- Hey besties. what's up?
- You're finally here.
- Bestie. let's meet up later?
Where?
It is a traditional headhunter ax.
or an ax used in hunting...
- The usual place.
- What time?
this ax dates back
its creation to the 1900's.
It was stolen from the Philippines
and sold illegally.
A few years later...
After end of shift. 4:00 p.m.
Interpol tracked down
the location of the artifact
and in cooperation
with the Australian government.
Please. I'm sick of taking calls.
the suspects were caught and the
so-called headhunter ax was recovered.
- Alright. See you.
- Yay! See you Rach.
as Filipinos. we should treasure
and appreciate not only the present
but also our past and beginnings.
- Jesus. why do you keep following us?
- Sir… Ma'am…
- We told you. we didn't break that!
- It was that way when we saw it.
- No. sir. That's not true.
- You're such a pest.
We're your regular customers.
What's wrong with you?
You can't make me pay
for something you broke.
I don't care what you say--
But it wasn't us.
Why do you keep blaming us?
We didn't break it.
That's how we saw it.
It was already broken.
- Ma'am. please don't do this.
- We don't care.
Ma'am. sir! You have to pay for this!
You broke it!
Ma'am. sir! Please wait!
It's snapped. look.
Are you messing with me?
I told you. it was already like that!
But sir. it was your wife
who held this last.
You liar! I didn't break that!
Ma'am. I am not a liar.
This was a good quality--
Call your manager!
I want to speak to her!
Go!
Wait here. sir.
You don't need to call the manager. babe.
- Was it you who broke it?
- Yeah.
- You stupid little... how much was it?
- 1800 pesos.
Come on. let's go.
I thought you said
you'll wait for the manager?
Who the hell are you?
Nosy bitch!
Sir. we welcome all tourists
here with open hearts.
And what we want in return
is respect.
Who do you think you are?
I'm Rachel.
- So?
- I'm from here.
Okay?
And the way you insulted
the saleslady back there.
speaks of how lowly you think of us.
Let's just go.
Ouch!
Oh my god. miss! Please stop!
The lady had every right to demand you pay!
And can you not be rude to everyone here?
Have some manners!
Just because you're not from here.
doesn’t mean you can
get away with everything!
Please. stop fighting.
We understand. miss. We'll pay.
I'm sorry. We'll pay it.
We're gonna pay for it. Ouch!
They said they'll pay for it.
- This is your fault.
- Thank you. sir.
We shouldn't have come here. Goddamnit.
Sorry. babe.
Oh. please. We're the locals.
I can't believe he had
the gall to be angry! As if!
It was their fault.
I swear. some people--
Sis. choose your battles.
Take it easy!
I know. but I just can't help it.
I'm not generalizing.
but some people are
just downright disrespectful.
Somebody has to look out for our own.
They can't just treat people like that!
Sis. are you an anthropologist
or an activist?
Sis. it's not about principles.
It's about dignity.
It's about being human.
Sis. calm down.
I gotta go. Bye.
Okay.
Who'd you beat up now?
Nobody. uncle. Just some rude tourists.
I swear to god. kid.
Do we have everything
from Mama's list?
Yeah! I got everything.
The line was crazy at Sir Inggo's!
- Your mom and her shopping lists.
- You know how she is.
Hi. dear!
Yes. Ma.
Isn't it late for lunch?
How are you?
I'm good. Let's eat.
Did you get everything I told you to get?
Yes.
The watermelons and the papaya soap?
You can take a Pinoy
out of the Philippines
but you really can't take
Philippines out of Pinoys. huh?
What was that?
Ma. there's a Filipino store
in Melbourne. right?
Too pricey!
Fine. I'll shop here.
But I won't bring much. okay?
I don't wanna lug around
all that food and soap.
It's taking forever.
I'm so excited to see you.
Sleep it off over the weekend. Ma.
I'll be there when you wake up.
I can't wait to see you and hug you!
- You know it's just for two years. right?
- I'm so happy that you finally
decided to leave Baguio.
A lot can happen in
two years. sweetie.
Who knows. you might meet someone here.
Ma. I'm going there
for my Masters!
And please. women aren't built
to just stay home.
have kids. and cook.
I just want you to
have a partner. sweetie!
It's different when you have
someone to come home to.
Ma. I can take care of myself.
Don't worry about me.
I can't wait to have a grandchild
and for you to have a partner!
Marina?
Marina!
Here it is! I bought your
favorite Baguio longganisa!
Look!
Say something to your daughter.
She got herself in trouble again!
What?!
She's too hard-headed!
You're at it again!
- See you. Ma. Talk to you later.
- You're just like your father!
Wait out here for a bit. okay?
I won't take long.
Good morning!
Good morning. sir.
Yes. I called earlier.
I was gonna ask about your rates.
Please wait. sir.
Thank you.
Okay!
Great. thanks.
Thanks. sir.
Come on. sweetie.
I have a surprise for you.
Really?
I think you'll love it.
You'll have loads of fun.
Get in.
Not in front of the kid!
Papa!
Papa! Papa!
This was recovered mid-19th century
and the axe used for wood carving
and hunting made by our Ifugao communities.
The axe. or as they call it. "lingua"
reflects the value systems and traditions
passed through generations.
And we are thankful
to the Australian government
for returning it because it was stolen
and it has been returned
to its proper home now.
This speaks for our cultural heritage
between Philippines and Australia.
A heritage that was formed and bonded
by our respective ancestors.
- Thank you. ma'am Rachel.
Thank you so much.
If you need anything else.
just message me.
and we can discuss via Zoom.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Oh. by the way. I just wanted to thank you
for doing the interview today.
I really believe you are the right
resource person for doing the interview.
Really appreciate it.
Thank you. Rome.
By the way.
are you...
are you pushing through
with your trip to Melbourne?
- Yes.
- You're absolutely sure?
Yeah.
Why?
I just hate this feeling. you know?
What feeling?
Of goodbyes.
And it's you who's leaving. so…
Rome. you know it's just
a temporary one. right?
Yeah. but still. I mean--
You do know there's social media. right?
We can talk anytime.
Besides. why don't you pursue
your Guggenheim Fellowship?
Well. honestly.
I'm still thinking about it.
We'll see how it goes.
What's there to think about?
It's a once in
a lifetime opportunity so. go.
I guess so.
- I have an idea.
- Yeah?
Why don't I take you out
for breakfast tomorrow?
Just you and me.
- Yeah. sure.
- Yeah?
Good idea. Ask Grace. too.
Come on. now.
Till now. do you still think
of me that way?
Don't be silly. Rome.
You're like a brother to me.
And besides. you mentored me.
And to be honest. I thought
you and Grace were already dating.
I see your sweet posts about her.
Well. honestly. we're getting
to know each other.
but you know. that's it. But...
So are you dating or not?
Honestly. you'll have to ask her.
Don't worry. I'll hype you up.
I'll tell her it's her loss
if she lets you get away.
Wow.
Promise.
- Deal.
- I swear.
No. it was twelve when
we managed to get away--
Too bad. it could've been your gift to him.
Right. then it turned into trauma.
What a gift!
- Hey. girls!
- Hi!
Hello!
Are you feeling better?
Yes. I'm good.
Why? What happened?
I'll tell you in a bit. okay?
Is she on a rampage again?
What else?
Isn't she always?
Must be a black-belter thing.
She's so gutsy.
You know why.
She's always been that way.
So. what happened?
Who needed defending this time?
Sis. we're not in university anymore.
Girls. you don't leave
your principles in school.
You don't just run out of it. y'know?
Forget what I said.
Your fault for bringing it up.
Well. sorry.
Anyway. girls.
Clear your schedule tonight.
We have an important date.
Am I included in this?
No. just her...
Come with me tonight. yeah?
I meant all three of us. duh!
Okay. Where?
Double- I mean. we're going
on a triple date.
I set this up for you.
Sorry. guys. I can't make it.
You know I got tons to do. right?
I haven't even packed everything.
Come on. Rach.
Just this last time before you go?
It's literally our last night together.
- She's right.
- Come on!
Let's have some fun. please?
Okay. okay.
- Here's your coffee. ma'am.
- Thank you.
Who are you trying to set us up with?
I met someone. His name is Julius.
He's pretty cool. Manila boy.
He's with a couple of friends.
Says they're site-viewing.
For a business proposal or something.
Monkey business. probably.
Don't be such a downer.
Girls. you know those types.
They dig around for gold in Baguio
put up their businesses.
then exploit their workers.
and as soon as they cash in. that's it.
- Can you chill out?
- We're left to clean up after them.
You bet.
Don't speak for everybody. bestie.
Exactly.
It's just a date! You know what.
you really need to get laid.
You're too upright!
I swear. you need to get laid.
- I don't need to water anything.
- You're so gross!
It's true. though!
We're not getting any younger. are we?
- Speak for yourself!
Yes. fine. It's always me. isn't it?
But see. I really wanna find 'the one'!
- The one?
- So I can finally settle down. be a bride…
Be a mother!
You're the one to talk!
As for me. I don't wanna get married yet.
All I want is a new boyfriend.
That's because you're going to the nunnery!
Stop it!
It's your own business. okay?
Rach. what's wrong with
having a partner in life?
Just because you're looking
for a daddy. not a boyfriend!
Girls.
will you be mad at me
if I don't make it tonight?
Of course!
It's out last night out. Come on!
Yeah. Please?
Okay. What time?
Yes! Beats. 7:00 p.m.
- 7:00 p.m?
- Yes!
It's so early.
So we can party harder. jeez.
It's our last chance.
As if she'll actually go home with anyone.
- Right? She always backs out last minute.
- True.
Hey sister. shh.
Have some respect.
Don't undress her--
- I'll miss you girls.
- We'll miss you more.
Just stay here.
Yeah.
- Please?
Just stay with us!
- How could you leave us.
- Yeah. just stay here.
I'll really miss you.
Look out for each other. okay?
You look out for yourself.
You should calm down
and stop fighting everyone.
No nun friends there.
Pa. I'm going now.
But I'll come back soon.
Two years will go by really quickly.
And...
I left Uncle Oscar in charge of the house.
Don't worry. Pa.
I'll be fine.
Besides.
You taught me to be brave.
to take care of myself and to survive.
I'll never forget that. Pa.
I love you very much.
Oh my god! Finally!
- Sorry. sis.
- I've rotted in my seat waiting for you!
We thought you were ditching us
for your bed!
Almost.
Your bed isn't gonna make you happy!
Look around! Plenty of boys
and men in here.
Sis. boys are just a bonus.
I only care about being here with you.
And please. stop making men
as the center of everything!
The world evolves.
so you should. too!
Hey. Rach? Count me out
of that talk. alright?
All I want right now
is to get laid!
- You foul-mouthed bitch!
- That's not what I meant!
You guys are so serious!
We're gonna miss you.
You're gonna make me cry.
Anna. it's not like
I'll be gone for good.
Besides. we have messenger
and viber. you know!
Nothing beats having you
with us in the flesh!
Alright. for tonight. I will
enjoy myself so let's go. guys!
That's more like it.
Hi!
- Hello.
- How's it going?
Meet my friends Rachel. Hannah.
Hello. Hello. Come meet my friends.
Glad you could make it.
Yeah. Rachel made
us wait for so long.
We couldn't wait to see you.
Let's go!
- This is Vince--
- Hi. ladies!
Si Dennis.
Rachel and Hannah.
Nice to meet you.
It's good! Super good!
Do you come here often?
Yeah. this is where we hang out.
Really glad you guys showed up.
Rachel held us up a bit.
Let's go!
Don't be a killjoy!
- Cheers!
It's really good. I promise.
Both of us. come on!
Okay. I never knew
it was an actual thing.
What do you mean?
The only anthropologist I know
is Indiana Jones.
Correction. he's an archaelogist.
- What?
- Yes!
It's the same thing!
They're different fields but interrelated.
You know what I mean?
Nope! But okay.
So does your work
take you to the field a lot?
Not always. It largely depends
on getting a research grant.
Why do you ask?
Nothing. just curious.
Did I crush your prejudice
against my type of profession?
Or were you expecting an old lady
fiddling with bones and fossils all day?
No. of course not.
- A little bit.
- Well. people and their expectations.
What? What's that supposed to mean?
Nah. I'm guilty of that. too. sometimes…
About prejudice and expectations. you know?
Especially towards outsiders.
So just because I’m from Manila.
means I'm a threat?
Is that it?
Okay.
How many years have you been working?
Two years here and abroad.
- Abroad?
- Yeah. Melbourne for Masterals.
- Where?
- Melbourne.
So when are you leaving for Manila?
Don't think about that.
Important thing is.
we're together right now.
Slow down.
I don't want my friends to see.
Let them be. They're all adults.
You want?
I don’t want it.
I love it.
Don't forget later. then.
Which one?
Give me what I want.
It depends.
Come on.
But I'm not yet ready.
I'll take care of you. don't worry.
I told you we'd have a great time.
Right?
- Wait. hang on.
- What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Everyone's looking.
- That's alright. silly.
- You're too fast.
Huh? I'm too fast?
Yeah.
Okay. It's fine. actually.
May I ask.
how old are you again?
I'm 18.
Wow! 18.
Wow! We're the same age. then.
Really now?
You know.
I had my first sexual experience
when I was 18.
You're unbelievable.
I'm unbelievable. Wow.
I had my first kiss when I was 21.
Hang on. I thought you were 18?
Now you're 21.
- Which is it?
- Sorry.
- So how old are you really?
- Truth is. I'm 23.
- Yeah.
- Well. you don't look 23 for me.
I'm feeling shy. actually.
Don't be. We're all here
to enjoy ourselves.
Okay?
Cheers?
Engineer or architect?
Why? Is it because of the way I look?
- Yeah.
- And I'm the prejudiced one?
- Also an R.K.
- R.K.?
Okay. wait. Aspiring architect-
you got that right.
But R.K.. no.
I'm not a rich kid.
My parents. sure. They're rich.
Yeah. right.
But I'm not.
We gotta work hard to earn things. right?
Money. especially.
I thought you were a rich kid.
Your friends certainly look like they are.
They're rich kids. alright.
For sure. Especially that one.
They're my college friends.
Cool people but super rowdy.
This one's the naughtiest.
Look at his face--
Hear that? That beat.
Hey guys. let's go!
Let's dance! Come on!
Guys! Let's go!
- Let's go!
- What's happening?
Let's go! Let's go!
Wait! How do you dance like that?
Is it like this?
Hey! What are you doing here?
You're not allowed in here.
Wait. wait.
You don't want it?
- There are people.
- So?
You're making me nervous.
Wait--
Let them see.
I like you.
I know.
I'm glad you're here.
You're the one who keeps changing plans.
- Me?
- Mm-hm.
I was just waiting for you.
You're the flaky one.
You wanna fly?
How?
Like a ghost? A bird?
- Someone might come in. What's that?
- Who cares.
This will calm you down.
You first.
Sure.
See? Nothing happened to me.
Why'd you waste that?
- Why did you spit it out?
- It's bitter! The hell is that?
Of course it's bitter. It's a tablet.
You can't be in here.
I know.
Jealous bitch. I'll pull your hair.
What's going on here?
Men aren't allowed here.
- I know.
- This is the ladies' room. sir.
Go! I told you you can't be here.
Go on. get out of here!
You cool? Can you handle him?
Let's go! Let's go!
Are you sure?
He's not even drunk yet!
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You want a drink? You okay?
- Yeah.
- You okay?
- Sure?
Let me get your drink.
Hey. are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Hey! Say sorry!
- Watch where you're going!
- The fuck is your problem?
- Hey! Cut it out!
- Fuck you!
Dude. let me go!
I'm good! I'm good!
- What happened?
- Vince. it's fine. I'm fine.
Let's go. Come on.
Hello. Ma? Yes. Ma.
Yeah. I'm with my friends. Ma.
It's my send-off party. remember?
Yes. Ma. I have an early flight tomorrow.
Okay. I will see you soon. Ma. Love you.
- You okay?
- Yeah. I'm good. You?
Yeah. it's nothing.
I'm good. That asshole!
Dude. have you called Elijah?
Oh. shit.
We pull up and the fucker's in bed.
you know how he is.
Julius.
Sup. Elijah? How's it going?
Guess what? We're on our way there.
What? On your way to Baguio?
Yessir.
Why didn't you tell me?
You just show up on my doorstep!
Well. then get ass up here!
I miss you!
I'm with the crazies and we have company.
Chicks! Yes! I can't wait.
You shithead. I didn't prepare anything.
My maid's not here.
but alright. I'll tidy up the place.
Especially for you!
Hurry up!
Bro. maybe you could score us some.
you know. the usual.
I got you a winner. bro.
This will melt your brain. bro.
This is some Van Gogh shit.
That's what I like about you!
Boy scout! My man!
See you then.
Okay. Julius.
Alright. Take care.
Elijah's an old friend?
Yeah. pretty much.
He can get a bit wild sometimes
but he's a regular weirdo.
He's cool.
Hey! Come on in!
Guys! Guys! Come in. come in.
Welcome to my humble abode.
I hope you like it.
- You know us!
- Bro. I miss you!
I miss you!
I miss you. too.
- Nice to see you. good boy.
- Here we go again.
Roomy. huh?
Such a big house.
This is where we hang out.
Julius. you didn't tell me you
were coming but I'm so glad you're here!
I'm so sorry.
Sorry the place is a bit dusty.
It's just me looking after the house.
Elijah. this is Sydney. Rachel. and Hannah.
Hi.
Hello.
- Hannah.
- Hi!
They're from Baguio. too?
- Yep.
- Yes.
Cool. Where?
- Harrison.
- Wow.
Teachers' Camp.
Cool.
Near Session Road.
Cool. Yes! Awesome.
So you're in love with each other then?
You know what. we're kind of thirsty.
Oh yeah?
We're looking forward
to what you're serving.
Okay. we'll just get things ready.
Relax. Just feel at home.
Julius. I'll borrow you for a moment.
- Let's go fix the--
- Go explore. if you want.
This is cool.
Check out this painting.
Vince. you okay?
Yeah. no problem.
Just annoyed about earlier.
I know. right. What a hassle.
Bros.
Who were those fuckers anyway?
They just charged at us.
Here are the drinks--what fuckers?
I'm from here.
One call and they're finished.
We ran into a hassle back at the club.
That's why we got kicked out.
- Got it. let's talk about that later.
- We've been waiting for this.
I'm upset with you guys.
Why'd you have to go to a club when
you could've just gone straight here?
You're always welcome to crash.
Let's do shots. then.
Right. let's go.
I've really missed you guys.
We wanna get drunk.
For the ladies.
There we go.
Straight cup. okay?
What are you up to these days?
Same old.
Just drop by anytime.
If you feel like it. ring me up.
So. cheers?
- Cheers!
- So good.
- It's strong!
It's strong!
We missed this. We missed that.
He used to be this small.
now he's a big boy.
That I am!
You missed me. didn't you?
You bet.
One more.
Another round.
- Want more?
- Sure.
- Game!
- I'm game.
Don't be a killjoy.
- It's just the second round. come on.
- Thank you.
No. I'm good.
You betcha.
Shot. Shot.
Cheers.
- Cheers!
Excuse me. where's the restroom?
Our restroom's out of order.
But. I'll show you.
Go upstairs. to your left--
- I'll just come with you.
- Bestie. I'll go with you.
Let's go.
Go straight up and then turn right.
- Okay. thanks.
- Thanks.
What is this place?
It's kind of weird. actually--
It's a really big house. huh?
He lives here alone?
He's probably with his family. duh.
Girls. are you okay?
Yeah.
They seem okay.
Please. it's gonna be fine.
I've been talking to Julius for a while.
But. girl. actually--
- Dennis made a move on me earlier.
- What did he do?
He put his--
His what?
His dick or finger?
- Shh. his finger.
- It's just a finger!
Make a fuss if it was a spoon.
vibrator. his schlong…
Just be on your toes. okay.
Tell that to her.
I know what I'm doing.
I swear to god.
- But. girl--
- Yeah?
Did you bring a condom?
You're ready?
Not yet. but you never know.
When you're ready.
I have some right here. okay?
I have extra so you'll have some.
You're about to get your
mind blown. Julius. Ready?
Fuck. man. you think
I can't take it? You think I can't?
Welcome. Sylvia Sanchez.
Is this the baby you're so proud of?
Wait. wait. wait. Let me breathe. Game.
- Alright. game.
- Are you sure you're ready?
Game.
Wait. wait.
Double check. Double check.
Eye check. Eye check.
- Game.
- Game. Game.
- Power up? Power up.
- Enjoy the fucking trip.
- Hey. what's that?
- Huh?
- What is it?
Just watch.
Breathe. Breathe.
Are you still there?
Are you okay?
Wait. break. Time out.
What's happening?
What are you gonna do. Julius?
Wanna try it?
What's this?
Motherfuc--
And there he goes.
Fly high. my friend.
What's happening?
- What's happening to him?
- What was that?
He's talking to God.
Fly and enjoy the trip.
Is he really okay?
He's more than okay.
He's on a freaking cloud.
What was it?
Jul. are you okay?
- Throw him a blanket.
- Are you okay?
He can't understand me.
What are you guys doing?
What's that?
Is it good?
Goodbye.
Is it solid. bro?
- What's happening?
- Try it out later.
Jul. you thirsty?
Water.
Are you still there. Julius?
Julius. you're still alive. huh?
Is he alright?
He's coming back. I think.
Fuck. man.
Hey. hey. Where you going?
Don't. Don't. Boy. no.
No. boy.
No. no. boy.
Go take a break.
Shit!
- Where are you going?
- Don't! Don't.
That's fire. Fire.
Fireplace. You'll get burned.
That's fire! That's bad!
Time-out. Time-out.
Just don't go burning yourself. okay?
I'm good.
You good?
Fuck. man.
Is it something else. man?
There he goes.
Yakuza!
Shit. you looked so fucked up. Look.
If you tried that shit.
you'd be fucked up. too.
What the fuck did you see?
What were you feeling?
Fuck. it's hard to explain.
Heaven? Hell? What?
- Heaven. of course. Freaking heaven.
- Shit. I wanna try. too!
Come on.
It's not mine. though.
Doesn't matter.
- Besides. you can't handle that shit.
- You can just ask for me.
- You won't be able to withstand it.
- Look! Look at you. fuck!
What a clown.
What?
What's up?
You idiot.
Cheers?
Cheers.
We finally made it.
Wait. wait. wait.
You're going too fast.
Come. let's sit.
Wait. wait. wait.
Sorry.
It's a nice painting. huh?
Ah. yeah. Elijah made that.
He's a talented motherfucker.
Lie down with me.
I have a--
What is it?
I need to tell you something.
But don't laugh at me. promise?
I promise.
What is it?
It's just that…
The thing is--
I'm still a virgin.
Hey. don't laugh.
No. really?
I'll be gentle.
Hey.
Pour some more.
Yeah. here.
More?
Yeah.
Christ's sake. Vince.
- What?
- What's your problem?
Do we still need that?
Why the hell not?
- Just look at them.
- It's not for you. okay?
Fuck. man.
We're gonna do this. Okay?
What. you wanna run home again?
Fuck's sake. Vince.
You're ruining our day.
Just do it. Son of a bitch.
My employer isn't using it anymore.
So I pretty much have it to myself.
Excuse me.
- Yep.
- Since when have you been staying here?
Fuck. man.
Okay.
Oh. hey.
You okay?
Yes. You?
- Yeah.
- Oh. right. Okay. okay.
Your friends are just weird.
- I was just escorting her.
- We're into different things.
- Okay. Thanks. bro.
Let's go outside.
I'll show you something.
Nice view. huh?
Yeah. it's peaceful here.
Okay.
Have a seat.
Cheers.
I think you'd better take this off.
Want me to help you?
- I can do it.
- It's okay.
Let me.
Not here.
Huh? Why?
It's nice out here.
Are you enjoying this?
Mm-hm.
Let's just do it here.
I told you I don't want to.
Why?
Come closer.
So you're really leaving?
Yeah.
For how long?
Two years. remember? Two years.
Ah yeah. right.
Won't you change your mind?
It's for my Masters. right?
Besides. I haven't been
with my mom for so long.
I mean. I haven't seen her for a long time.
How long?
I've lost count…
That's why I'm looking forward
to this masteral.
Because...
I can't wait to see her.
I can't wait to be with her.
She's the only family I have left.
You okay?
Let's go inside--
Cheers?
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Come here.
Why?
Put it all in.
Hey. easy.
Go. let it all out.
Hannah?
Hannah. you okay?
She's fine.
- It's okay now.
- Come.
I already told you to stop.
I told you not to drink so much.
Be careful.
Here.
Fuck that. man.
You fucking serious?
I'm out. man. Let's stop this. Fuck.
For fuck's sake. Vince.
What?
We all agreed to the plan. alright?
Are you serious?
We're all in this.
- Are you chickening out again?
- I don't--
You chickening out?
Fuck this.
You're ruining our fucking plan. man.
This was our plan. All of us.
Now you want out?
You're just gonna leave us here?
Are you fucking nuts?
You're gonna ruin it?
You're gonna ruin it for everyone?
Fine. go home.
Go home if you want.
You fucked up our plan.
Fuck all of you.
Fuck you. too.
Shit. Vince. What's wrong with you?
Where are you going?
You're pissing me off.
Vince here's getting cold feet.
This son of a bitch.
What the fuck. Vince.
What?
Get in here. motherfucker.
Vince. you little bitch.
You insist on tagging along
then bail out last minute.
You better not fuck this up.
You'll do one simple fucking thing.
Alright? Dude--
Talk to this son of a bitch.
This little bitch.
Vince. Vince...
Come on.
See. I already told you not to drink.
You just kept going.
Look what happened.
I told you not to force yourself.
Girl. Dennis fingered me again.
That's what you get for
being such a flirt like Sydney!
Come on. let's go home. Silly girl.
Let's go.
Really?
Yeah. we're going home.
We're going home. okay?
Hurry up.
I am.
Stir it.
Go. Stir.
- Yeah. I am.
- Finish stirring.
How is she?
Sorry. guys. We really need
to go home now.
Hannah's drunk.
We'll just take a cab and
we're just gonna wait for Sydney.
- Don't you want to drink more?
- For the road.
Nah. we're good. We're good.
We're going home.
She's not here yet.
No. Hannah can't take any more.
No. she can.
- Vince. I'll take care of this.
- No. I'm taking her home now.
Don't you worry.
Come on. Up.
- You sure?
- Yup.
Let's leave those two for now.
- Here.
- Slowly.
Okay. We're almost there.
Warm water is all you need.
You still good?
Here. Over here. Okay.
You alright?
Oops. careful.
Rock and roll.
- There.
- Stop touching me.
I'm here. I'm here now. okay?
Drink up so you'll feel better.
Just a sip.
Just a little sip.
So you'll feel better.
Go on. drink.
Drink.
One more. One more.
I'll take it from here.
Move the glasses.
Out of the way.
Fuck this shit.
Okay.
Okay. last sip.
Just one last sip. okay?
Just one last sip. go on.
I don't want anymore.
For fuck's sake.
Just drink it. I'm trying
to make you feel better.
What's the matter?
You smell so good.
I said no!
I said it's the last.
Stop!
Yes! Yes!
Nice one! Macho!
No. no. no!
Yes! Yes!
Yes!
No. no. no!
Bro take a selfie.
Let me take a selfie.
Nice!
Smile! Over here!
Let's go. bro!
Let's take a selfie!
Let me try.
Snobby. I don't like her.
She's nice!
Are you done yet?
Move. it's my turn.
I said don't go away.
Just stay here!
Ow!
Get back here! Hey!
Get back here!
Fuck. man.
What do you want me to do?
She fought back!
Shit! Shit! Motherfucker!
Shit!
Hey. Wake up.
Hey.
Wake up.
Wake up!
Hey! Wake up!
This is your fault!
You kept resisting!
Sorry.
Sorry. I didn't mean to.
Wake up!
Bro. what's going on here?
I don't know. She was fine a while ago.
She was still breathing. bro.
She was okay.
What the fuck. Dennis.
Bro. help me.
I didn't mean to.
She was fine just now.
Put a shirt on. Fuck.
Fuck!
Bro. what the hell is going on?
- That bitch fought back!
- Fuck.
What was I supposed to do?
Man. we like to fuck around
but we're not murderers!
This is your fucking fault!
Why are you blaming me? Asshole!
You got something out of it. didn't you?
Stop it!
What we need to do is think
about how to solve this mess!
What are we supposed to do
with the other one?
Huh?
Kill her.
Kill her?
What. you can't do it?
You got what you wanted. didn't you?
Do it!
Go upstairs.
Kill her.
Julius!
You bastard!
You fucking bastard!
Fuck you. Julius!
So?
Happy now?
- Her things. The shoes.
- Help me.
Okay. pull.
A bit more.
Don't forget her things. Her shoes.
Careful.
Come on.
Fix this.
Papa!
Let me go.
Please! Please.
- Let me go!
- What are your friends' names?
What are your friends' real names?
Why aren't they registered here? Answer me!
Answer me!
It hurts. please stop!
Julius...
Francis...
Vince...
What?
Francis Marquez.
Julius... Elijah...
Vince...
Now let me go! I already told you.
Forgive me.
I'll you pay you anything!
Let me go. I can't take anymore.
Don't kill me. please.
I know you still have a heart.
Please let me go.
I already told you.
What are you gonna do?
Are you crazy! Don't do it! Please!
I'll pay you! Don't kill me!
Fuck. what are you doing?
Fucking bitch!
What are you gonna do?
Fuck! Don't!
You bastards!
Bro. where are you? I'm here.
- Coming.
- Bro. hurry up!
Why the fuck did
you hang up on me?
Why aren't you answering?
- Just driving. bro. Be there in ten.
- Okay.
Mister.
Is the C.R. open?
Yes. sir.
Fuck!
Don't! Don't!
Don't!
Fuck!
You fucking bastards!